An organization only needs one of any site-based license, such as Android
User-based licenses like Workspace need to be assigned depending on subscriptions, which can be done manually or automatically.
If you purchase a subscription like Workspace Enterprise, all users willg et it automatically.
With multiple user-based subs, like Workspace and Drive Storage, license must be assigned to each user.
License must also be assigned for multiple subscriptions to the same service, like Workspace Business Plus and Enterprise.
License assignment can be applied at the OU or individual user level.
Possible to configure auto license assignment.
A single user can have a license for more than one Google service.

Groups are used to communicate and collaborate across teams
Admins can use groups to configure gfeatures and services for specific sets of users
They also play a crucial role in security
Admins can use them co control access to sensitive information
Can create a new group or update an existing group to a security group
Adding security label to group makes it a security group
Action is permanent, adds security features but doesn't remove other features
Groups can be used to enable service for users even if service is disabled for everyone else
Org can choose to enable Google Groups for business, when enabled users can access org groups at groups.google.com
Depending on permissions users can also create and manage groups
Admins can leverage directory API to manage
Directory sync can also sync groups from LDAP directories

Dynamic groups add and remove members automatically based on queries you create. This allows services and data to be assigned dynamically.
It can take up to 24 hours for a new group to appear in the Groups directory
If a group shouldn't be in the Groups directory, the option to enable group owners to hide groups must be enabled.
