The adventure begins in the village of [[Osprey Cove]], on [[Chakikoth Isle]] in western [[New Thassilon]]. The focus for the full adventure is a stretch of the isle’s southern shores, known as the [[Kindred Coast]]. Approximately 20 hours’ trek to the north is [[Old Xin-Edassaril]], a dangerous ruin which once was the capital of [[Runelord Belimarius]]’s nation. The island is a part of the [[Ironbound Archipelago]]. 

In the year 4606 [[AR]] (CY is 4725), the dawn of the [[Age of Lost Omens]], a series of powerful storms ravaged the world, including the pirate city of [[Riddleport]] in [[Varisia]]. Two siblings in Riddleport, [[Dartanious]] and [[Santwi]], used the chaos to escape servitude under Riddleport’s crime lords. [[Dartanious]], who was military minded, had been waiting for an appropriate diversion to put into play a plan he had devised to escape while [[Santwi]] inspired fellow captives and convinced them to attempt an escape.

With nearly a hundred followers, the brothers made their way north across the [[Shining Sea]] and landed on the coast that would become known as the [[Kindred Coast]]. They founded [[Osprey Cove]], but there was a lot of bickering between the brothers and within a year there was a schism. [[Santwi]] wanted to continue developing the town into a gentl commune of fishers and farmers. [[Dartanious]], however, wanted to build up military might and strike back against Riddleport. To avoid a violent falling out, Dartanious took his followers and traveled up the coast to establish a second village named [[Iron Harbor]].

Both towns were independently successful, but rarely mixed. A cold war escalated between them, which became a long-lasting feud that outlived both siblings.

With the rise of [[New Thassilon]], the [[Ironbound Archipelago]] has lost some of the independence that made it the region it is today. Fortunately, [[Runelord Belimarius]] is more concerned with her political struggles with her rivals than subjugating the pre-existing villages of the archipelago. She levies taxes from the villagers, who do no